README.md, before:

# FAIMS3-Elaboration
A project to explore technologies in FAIMS3 

## To build Android (or IOS) App

Build the web application:

```
npm run build
```
Copy over the assets to the mobile app:

```
npx cap copy
```

Open up platform developer tools:

```
npx cap open android
```

In the developer tools, run the project.

When the app is updated, running the build and copy steps will copy the new version over, you can then re-run the platform app to see the update.


## To run e2e tests:

### Pre-requisites:
- Node.js v10 or higher
- Install Appium's Node.js client library 

  `npm install wd`

### Steps: 
1. Upload the app and make sure it's reflected in the [appUrl](https://github.com/FAIMS/FAIMS3-Elaboration/blob/master/src/e2e/environment.js)

    `'app': 'bs://87f241809661b3baa5fe15f6ad97322fd28b0a0e'`
   
   This can be done via BrowserStack's file manager or REST API:
   
   `curl -u "<username>:<password>" -X POST "https://api-cloud.browserstack.com/app-automate/upload" -F "file=@/path/to/app/file/Application-debug.apk"`
    
2. Set access credentials in [environment.js](https://github.com/FAIMS/FAIMS3-Elaboration/blob/master/src/e2e/environment.js).

3. Execute the tests:

   `node <test file name>`

Commit message:

Ensure a schema has been chosen before trying to use it.

README.md, after:

# FAIMS3-Elaboration
A project to explore technologies in FAIMS3 

The application collects data based on a JSON specification of a set of forms and stores
observations in a local database synchronised to a remote database.   Application 
specifications (schema) are stored in the remote database and can be selected
at runtime. 

Note that CouchDB databases need to be public for this to work (no authentication yet). 

## To build Android (or IOS) App

Build the web application:

```
npm run build
```
Copy over the assets to the mobile app:

```
npx cap copy
```

Open up platform developer tools:

```
npx cap open android
```

In the developer tools, run the project.

When the app is updated, running the build and copy steps will copy the new version over, you can then re-run the platform app to see the update.


## To run e2e tests:

### Pre-requisites:
- Node.js v10 or higher
- Install Appium's Node.js client library 

  `npm install wd`

### Steps: 
1. Upload the app and make sure it's reflected in the [appUrl](https://github.com/FAIMS/FAIMS3-Elaboration/blob/master/src/e2e/environment.js)

    `'app': 'bs://87f241809661b3baa5fe15f6ad97322fd28b0a0e'`
   
   This can be done via BrowserStack's file manager or REST API:
   
   `curl -u "<username>:<password>" -X POST "https://api-cloud.browserstack.com/app-automate/upload" -F "file=@/path/to/app/file/Application-debug.apk"`
    
2. Set access credentials in [environment.js](https://github.com/FAIMS/FAIMS3-Elaboration/blob/master/src/e2e/environment.js).

3. Execute the tests:

   `node <test file name>`
